Skip to content

  * Services

Human Resources

Payroll Administration

Employee Benefits

Risk and Compliance

Recruiting

PEO Services

Managing HR with care

VensureHR can support and guide your business in every area of HR, from hire
to retire.

Human Resources Overview

Full-service HR solutions tailored to your business needs

Performance Management

Develop your talent while improving your company’s business performance

Applicant Tracking

Streamline the hiring process, identifying top talent and updating their
status

Onboarding

Let your new hires know they are welcome and valued

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Streamlined Payroll Processing

Simplify the complexity of payroll with our highly secure, integrated
technology. Backed by a team of payroll experts, our services are designed to
scale quickly and efficiently.

Payroll Administration Overview

Comprehensive business solutions you can count on

Workforce Management

Optimize your labor and control costs

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Promote employee health with better benefits

Attract and retain talent with Fortune 500-level benefits options and
administration

Employee Benefits Overview

Stay competitive in a demanding job market

Benefits Enrollment & Administration

A single-source solution with experts to manage it all

Direct Care

Affordable, alternative healthcare options for business owners and their
employees

401(k) Retirement

Unique retirement saving options for businesses of all sizes

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Risk and Compliance Expertise

A-rated business coverage with reduced risks and rates thanks to our loss
control team

Risk and Compliance Overview

Identifying potential hazards in the workplace to mitigate physical and
monetary losses

Workers' Compensation

Reduce your exposure, increase compliance, and achieve peace of mind

Business Insurance

Protect your business from common liabilities

EPLI Insurance

Employment practices liability insurance defends against employee claims

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Hiring Solutions Targeted to Your Business

Gain a competitive edge when you work with our recruiting specialists. Our
team has strategies for finding the best candidates for your business, manages
the communication process, and conducts interviews, background checks, and
training.

Nearshore Talent Solutions

VensureHR's Recruiting Solutions

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Customizable Business Solutions

Dedicated to making your business life easier, Vensure works with you to craft
solutions that make sense for your company. Businesses of all sizes benefit
from working with our innovative business solutions and experienced
professionals.

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

  * Who We Serve

By Employee Count

Alliances

By Industry

Customer Testimonials

Referral Submission

Flexible solutions for any business

Powerful business solutions tailored to your specific needs.

Small Business

1-50 Employees

Mid-Size Business

51-200 Employees

Large Business

200+ Employees

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Specialized industry expertise

Working with VensureHR delivers more jobs, streamlined administration, and
faster payments.

Vensure Staffing Alliance

Faster growth and flexible solutions for your staffing company operations

Vensure Supplier Network

Access profitable job opportunities and increase employee retention

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Services built for your industry

We offer deep experience serving a range of dynamic industries

Professional and Business Services

Healthcare

Manufacturing

Legal Services

Financial Services

Information Technology Services

Insurance Services

Real Estate

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Benefit Options for Various Lifestyles

Explore our unique coverage choices, from identity theft protection to
healthcare for furry friends. Find convenient telehealth solutions and
empowering health tools, too.

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Benefit Options for Various Lifestyles

Explore our unique coverage choices, from identity theft protection to
healthcare for furry friends. Find convenient telehealth solutions and
empowering health tools, too.

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

  * How We Deliver

Technology

Service Model

Custom Solutions

Marketplace For Employers

Marketplace For Employees

Simplified Integrated Technology

Streamline your business with flexible, modern technology that integrates
seamlessly into your systems with round-the-clock service for payroll, HR,
benefits administration, and more. Experience technology that’s reliable,
adaptable, and secure in powering your business.

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Service Models that Drive Success

Experience a Strategic Relations model grounded in a relationship-based
approach that delivers timely communication and response to your HR needs. We
are a reliable partner, invested 100% in your success.

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Flexible Services Designed for Your Business

Dedicated to simplifying your business life, VensureHR works with you to
design business solutions that make sense for your company. Our cost –
effective, customized options are scalable too – we’re always ready to grow
with you.

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Leverage world-class business solutions

Stay competitive in a changing world. VensureHR marketplace-driven solutions
offer unique benefits, cross-border solutions, and access to global talent,
all aimed at fueling your success.

VensureHR Marketplace

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Benefit options for various lifestyles

Unique coverage choices to make you an employer of choice

Identity Theft Protection

Protect employees with a trusted cybersecurity safety net

Pet Insurance

Care for employees’ four-legged or feathered family members

Supplemental Health Management

Proactive lifestyle and wellness programs with professional help

Customized Individual Life Insurance by Pendella

Individual life insurance made easier and more affordable than ever

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

  * Resources

All Resources

Blog

Webinars

Employment Law Updates

Client Center

Loss Control Training

Keep Your Business Running Smoothly

To make it easy to stay on top of trending business topics and access up-to-
date resources and support, we provide all the materials you need in one
place.

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Stay On Top Of HR Topics

Manage your workforce with industry insights, HR tips, and useful tools.

Time and Labor Management: The Full Guide

Read More

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Free Webinars

Learn the latest and greatest in HR with our free webinars.

Navigating Employee Benefit Challenges: Cost-Effective Solutions for SMBs

Watch Now

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Employment Law Updates

The latest information on state and federal employment laws to keep your
business compliant.

Federal Employment Law Updates

Includes wage and tax regulations

Choose a State

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Important Forms & Docs

Help yourself to the forms you need when you need them, including important
workplace notices, new hire enrollment packets, and state-specific employment
forms.

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Safety begins with knowledge

Keep your people and your business safe and healthy

General Industry OSHA Training

Curriculum and class schedules

Construction OSHA Training

Curriculum and class schedules

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

  * About Us

Overview

Business Partners

Division Partners

Careers

News

Contact Us

Explore the VensureHR Universe

We help small and medium-size businesses succeed by streamlining payroll and
HR administration, managing worker benefits, and minimizing employer risks.

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Better ways to build your business

VensureHR teams with best-in-class service providers to help clients retain
superior talent and grow anywhere in the world.

Papaya Global

A cloud-based automation platform that simplifies international HR processes

Solvo Global

Business process outsourcing conducted by dedicated nearshore professionals

KPMG Spark

A managed accounting and bookkeeping resource powered by Spark AI

Vensure Latin American Affairs

Assisting Latino businesses in HR administration, payroll, and benefits​

VensureHR Canada

Employer of Record and payroll management solutions for Canadian businesses

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Regional and specialized solutions

We coordinate with equity partners to serve every region of North America at
the local level and address the unique compliance needs of specialized
industries.

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Find Your Future

Discover the opportunities currently available at one of the nation’s fastest
growing companies and find the perfect match for your skills and experience.

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

Recent and Important

Stay current with the Vensure family and what’s happening in the industry.
Learn what these developments mean for your business and how to put them to
good use.

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

We want to hear from you

Find out how we can help you lower costs while improving operations and
providing a better employee experience. Schedule a consultation now.

Worksite employees, please use the Login above.

Request a Call

Why VensureHR?

Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.

__

Login

Request a call

# Realizing Your Business Vision Just Got _Easier_

We combine top-tier services with cutting-edge technology to deliver world-
class HR processes and systems to free up your time to pursue your business
vision.

Request a call

##  Human  
Resources

###  Payroll  
Administration

###  Employee  
Benefits

###  Risk and  
Compliance

###  Talent  
Recruiting

## Uncover the HR Complexities Impacting Your Success.

We understand the challenges that business owners face in effectively managing
and sustaining a resilient workforce. To solve these challenges, we offer a
customized assessment of your current HR systems and processes that identifies
critical gaps that may impact your clients, profits, and overall well-being.
The findings not only pinpoint alignment opportunities to meet your future
goals, but they also help you navigate practical steps that are essential to
drive your business toward success. And the best part? We offer this service
free of charge.

## Understanding Our Process

### HR Solutions That Power Your Business's Success

  * Consolidate payroll, hiring, HR, workers’ compensation, EPLI, cyber insurance, and more.
  * Create a safe workplace with guidance from our risk management team.
  * Receive help with workers’ compensation claims aimed at helping employees get back to work faster, all while reducing your risk.

### Benefits

  * Keep employees happy with richer benefits at a fair rate.
  * Gain access to better group health insurance, retirement, and commuter benefits.

### Compliance and Risk Exposure

  * Review and mitigate compliance concerns.
  * Maintain compliance and protect your business from fees and penalties associated with ACA and COBRA administration.
  * Find help with avoiding costly lawsuits such as wrongful termination, discrimination, harassment claims, and more.

### Business Processes

  * Review payroll administration and payroll tax filing procedures.
  * Uncover areas of opportunity to improve or create streamlined HR processes.

## Ready to modernize and scale your business?

Amidst the constantly changing demands of the market, we continue to achieve
the highest level of expertise by blending the right technology, services, and
people. From HR regulations, tax rules, and technology, your business is
guaranteed the guidance and support you need to efficiently navigate modern-
day complexities.** **

**How?** Because with changing times, and changing needs, the need to
transform HR and payroll with technology and solutions is critical. Whether it
is HR administration, Payroll, Benefits, Compliance, Professional Employer
Organization (PEO), Administrative Services Only (ASO), Employer of Record
(EOR), or anything else that supports your employee management – we are here
to help you navigate this journey.  
  
Since 2004, our mission has been to provide business owners with peace of
mind. We serve over 11,000 businesses by processing $18.6 billion in payroll
and support more than 526,000 worksite employees globally.

We take you through that journey and help you experience how modernizing your
HR processes and systems helps you scale!

Learn more about us

#### **You**  
 _The Client_

#### Expert-level Business Solutions

#### Robust Fortune 100-Level Benefits

#### Access to Key Business Data Through Technology

#### 24/7 Live Support

#### **You**  
 _The Client_

#### Expert-level Business Solutions

#### Robust Fortune 100-Level Benefits

#### Access to Key Business Data Through Technology

#### 24/7 Live Support

## Your Gateway to Top-Tier Benefits

### We are here to help.

Request a free, custom diagnostic for your business.

Contact Us

“I came to Vensure looking for help with payroll, but I’m staying with them
because they gave me a custom solution that helped me in so many different
ways.”

Client Stories

©2025 VensureHR.  
All rights reserved.

  * Terms
  * Privacy
  * CCPA
  * Quick Sitemap

Facebook Icon-twitter-x __ Linkedin Instagram Youtube

Sign up for The Vensure Voice, our monthly updates newsletter.

Subscribe

SERVICES

  * Human Resources
  * Payroll Administration
  * Employee Benefits
  * Risk and Compliance
  * Recruiting
  * PEO Services

COMPANY

  * About
  * Login
  * Resources
  * Client Center
  * Careers
  * Contact

CHAT WITH US

**Sales:** 800.941.8731  
**24/7 Live Support:** 800.409.8958

Request a call

MAY 2023-MAY 2024USA

As the largest privately held, full-service HR technology and solutions
provider in the nation, Vensure proudly services more than 3 million worksite
employees and 90,000 small and mid-sized businesses (SMBs) across America and
around the globe.

###### Vensure Employer Solutions. The Power Behind Your Business.

Covering the spectrum of HR needs, VensureHR is a leader in providing payroll
and healthcare benefits, HR support, workers’ compensation insurance through
licensed carriers and more to SMBs nationwide.

Learn More

As the global recruiting and talent solutions expert, Solvo fulfills hiring
needs and offers AI-powered business tools to enhance company performance.

Learn More

The leader of specialized technology among an ecosystem of HR service
providers, PrismHR’s innovative platform sets the standard for payroll,
benefits and related functions.

Learn More

Helping SMBs with critical HR functions, Namely offers stand-alone HCM
technology that empowers in-house HR teams to manage payroll, benefits and
employee engagement.

Learn More

